Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
You lost it?
What are you talking about?
What do you mean?
I'll look for it harder.
Please wait for a week.
It must be somewhere.
I beg of you! Please!
You didn't steal it, did you?
What are you saying?!
Of course not!
Do you know he's from a family
with five children?
Five?!
You said you couldn't buy
what you wanted.
He borrowed my lead
for a mechanical pencil...
... but he never returned it.
That's right. Me, too.
Is his family an example of religious
families having many kids...
His parents tried too hard.
Then their son becomes a criminal...
What are you doing?!
- Stop, Fujiyoshi!
- Shit, shit!
I have a headache
from my hangover.
Take roll.
Can you see this scene,
Stupid Onizuka?!
Why are you making a fuss?
What's up?
Fujiyoshi lost the money
for our school trip.
All right.
How much did he lose?
1, 120,000 yen...
Sorry, I misheard you.
How much did you say?
1,120,000 yen!
1,120,000 yen...?
What's this 1,120,000 yen?!
No, it's just in my jacket...
Wow, you're rich!
I just picked it up.
Let's use it all!
1,120,000...
That's right!
I didn't know why there was
money in my jacket yesterday.
But the amount was
exactly 1,120,000...
Without realizing it,
I was taken to the girls bar...
I drank a lot, got excited...
Underwear and bras...
Onizuka! Hey, Onizuka!
What are you doing?!
Suddenly I have a stomachache.
This is serious.
I have to hurry,
otherwise I may die...
So study by yourselves!
Hey, wait!
Hey, Onizuka!
Oh, shit!
This isn't a joke!
Fujiyoshi lost some money.
The exact same amount
of money was in my pocket.
And I used it all in one day?!
What's going on?!
I don't understand
what happened yesterday, either!
Did it really happen?!
Yes, you were
terribly out of control yesterday.
Are you serious?
You were giving away money.
You did as you liked...
...and you were a grandstander!
Money?
You held the gal's breast
with your hands...
...and called it a human bra!
Bra?!
You got naked and said,
"Here is an elephant, paoon!"
Elephant?!
Then you said, "I'll give you
100,000 to bathe my elephant!"
Bathe...?! Paoon?!
I heard
when you came back to school...
...you were wearing
only your underwear.
I wonder what kind of things...
...you were doing with the gals
after I left...
Oh, Onizuka-sensei...
Don't you have a class now?
Fuyutsuki-chan! Please stop!
Don't look at me like that!
Something happened?
As a matter of fact...
For you, Fuyutsuki...
...this may be too shocking...
Shit! Did I really do
those things to those girls?
Why don't I remember it?
What a waste!
No! That isn't the point!
It's the money!
Did I really use it all?
What are you going to do, Onizuka?!
Think! Onizuka!
That's right!
School uniform!
They said they're
current high school students!
If I can find out their school
from their school uniforms...
... I can explain my situation to them
and ask them to return...
...some money,
I gave too much...
Found it! Green collar
and one straight line...
Scarf was pastel cream...
Six pleated skirts...
No doubt! This is it!
This school uniform is...
...the costume for special effects!
Teacher...
You surprised me!
Oh, Fujiyoshi.
I'm not doing anything...
Teacher...
Teacher!
What should I do?!
Teacher,
everyone is calling me a thief...
I didn't steal it! I didn't do it!
I want to die.
Teacher... Teacher...
Fujiyoshi...
Don't cry, Fujiyoshi.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of the money.
The homeroom teacher for 3-4,
Eikichi Onizuka, will take care of it.
Teacher!
Excuse me...
I asked for 1,200,000 yen...
We can't do it
with your credit history.
Credit history? Why?!
You went shopping
with your credit card...
...didn't pay the bills.
It happened twice.
We got the report.
The only thing I bought
was underwear on sale!
You didn't pay.
That's the point.
Please, Madam...
No, beautiful Miss.
I really need money.
Please consider helping a person
in trouble. Please. I beg of you!
Well, then...
If you have collateral,
we may be able to give more...
Collateral?
Condo, land, cars...
You accept cars?
Yes, I do have one!
Here it is! It's a Kawasaki Z750RSZ II.
How about that?!
Isn't it cool? It's the best
of the best of Kawasaki.
In Shonan, this is a legend.
It can run really fast.
I made a lot of improvements.
I bet I spent over 3 million yen...
Then another 1,000 yen.
Thousand...?
LOANS YOSHIDA
One thousand yen? You!
Old woman! Are you saying...
-...my precious Z II is worth 2,000?!
- Calm down!
- What are you doing?! Police!
- All right!
- Call the police! He'll attack me!
- Who will?! Don't mess with me!
I'm in trouble...
All right.
Let's think about an alternative.
That's all right, teacher.
What are you talking about?
It isn't all right yet.
Don't worry about it anymore!
I can't trouble you anymore.
Hey. Wait!
Hey!
Fujiyoshi! It isn't any trouble!
Fuji...!
Fujiyoshi!
Aizawa! What's up?
Do you have a minute?
Onizuka!
Are you there, Onizuka?!
Get up!
Oh, shut up. I'm busy now...
Fujiyoshi is...!
Fujiyoshi is missing!
When I came to school,
I found a suicide note...
He'll take full responsibility
with his death...
Onizuka-sensei!
Wow! He's really
like a professional cyclist.
He looks very serious.
Of course! Because it's his fault
Fujiyoshi is going to kill himself...
That may happen!
What are you talking about, Miyabi?
Did you guys plot this?
Of course.
We stole the money from Fujiyoshi,
and we made Onizuka spend it all.
How about that?
Isn't it great?
Just wait a little bit longer, Anko.
This time we'll get him kicked out.
Instead of cowardly Kikuchi
and others, we are going to do it.
Hey, Miyabi.
Should we do the next thing now?
Yeah... Is everything ready?
NINGEN BURAJAA
(HUMAN BRASSIERE)
Everyone,
I'm sorry that I troubled you.
I have no chance
of returning the money.
I'm too ashamed
of myself to face you.
I'm going to take
full responsibility with my death.
Teacher, Murai, Kusano,
Kikuchi, Yoshikawa and everyone.
Thank you very much
for everything. Good-bye.
Koji Fujiyoshi.
Don't mess with me!
Where are you?!
Fujiyoshi! Where are you?!
Why are we...?
But we're so conspicuous that...
What's up, Onizuka? Found him?
- Does anyone know Fujiyoshi?!
- Idiot! I can't see the front!
AROUND HERE
- Answer me!
- Teacher!
- Fujiyoshi!
- Police, police!
- Move! Or help us find him!
- You idiot!
Yeah, that's right...
Okay. Yes. Let's talk
after I get there. Thanks. Bye.
Who did you call?
Police. I have a friend there.
Hey, don't you know
any other places he might go?
Not anymore.
Oh, shit. What should I do?
It's all my fault.
What do you mean?
It's your fault?
As a matter of fact...
- As a matter of fact...
It seems I was the one...
...who used the money
for the school trip...
What do you mean?
Did you steal the money...
...and blame Fujiyoshi for it...?!
No, no!
I didn't steal it! Really!
I found many bills in my jacket,
but I decided not to worry.
Sakurada-sensei and I went
to the secret gals' bar.
Then I drank so much
that I couldn't remember anything.
I woke up in a garbage can...
...and my clothes
and money were gone.
That's the truth! Believe me!
I really didn't know!
I wanted to tell Fujiyoshi, too.
But I couldn't.
And he's going to do
such a stupid thing...
So it's all my fault.
That's why I...
...I have to find him
no matter what....
Teacher...
Vice Principal! There it is!
Hey, you guys! Go away!
THE CROOKED TEACHER
ONIZUKA'S TRUE FACE!!
ONIZUKA PUT
THE BLAME ON FUJIYOSHI!!
He embezzled...
Fujiyoshi didn't come in today...
- Onizuka, either.
- This is the reason.
Hey, move!
Why don't you
take them down right now?!
Yes!
What's this...?
Onizuka did this?
I can't believe it.
You shouldn't!
Don't believe these montage photos!
No, these aren't montage.
They expanded it...
... but the size of the pixels
is consistent.
These are real photos.
Hey, they're real.
So he really did it.
Vice Principal!
In the gym, too!
What?!
How could he...?!
Hey!
- There're more on the third floor!
- Let's go!
Why did you volunteer to say that?
If they check them,
they'll find out soon enough.
It's better to tell them now
before they figure it out later.
Other than that,
what do you think?
What do you mean?
I mean...
He'll definitely be fired.
Everyone has found out
who he really is...
He did such a disgusting thing.
Let's kick the immoral teacher
out of our school!
It's very easy.
Yeah, he went to Sakurada-sensei.
He remembered that.
I see.
Now we can see the connections...
How was it?
The meeting with all members
will be held tomorrow.
Hey, what did you find out?
Yesterday's mess...
...about the lost money
and other stuff...
...was preparation for this situation.
What?
I mean everything was a set-up...
...to get Onizuka fired.
First, the money collected
wasn't direct deposit but cash only.
Sakurada seems to be part of it.
So it was easily done.
Then they had honest Fujiyoshi
collect the money.
When the money was collected,
they stole it from him.
They put it in Onizuka's pocket
and let Sakurada invite him...
...to a fake bar.
They took the money from Onizuka
when he was drunk.
Then they threw him away.
Now we have a case...
...of a teacher embezzling.
Who on earth would do
such a terrible thing?
Don't you get it?
There is only one person
who hates Onizuka...
...and would set up a trick like this,
like we used to do.
Aizawa?!
Correct.
Terrible! It's too terrible!
Because of that, Fujiyoshi is...!
Hey, Kusano...
Was Fujiyoshi's note hand-written
or typed with a word processor?
It wasn't hand-written.
Does he have a word processor?
No, he doesn't.
That's right.
They must have made it up
in order to back up their plan...
... but it's poorly done.
But...
Right now Fujiyoshi is...
They wanted Fujiyoshi to be...
...somewhere
no one can contact him.
Maybe they told him about a job
which he had to stay in for a while.
To make the note trick work,
it is best to kill him...
You! Kanzaki!
Don't get so serious.
I'm joking of course. Don't yell.
When you say it,
it doesn't sound like a joke.
Fujiyoshi should be fine.
His role was over.
And...
...they finished
with the revealing posters.
This is the worst trick.
Too amateurish.
Why?! Because of this,
he is in trouble right now!
Their purpose isn't distributing
montage photos to annoy him.
If the genuineness of the photos
is the weapon for the plan...
...their way of doing it is pretty bad.
What?
Don't you get it?
Listen. Here are photos
which are put on the board.
That means
someone took the photos...
...and put them on the board.
If they had stopped
when he used the money...
... it could be a perfect crime.
They did too much work...
...so it's like they're shouting,
"Someone is behind this!"
They thought they imitated the way
we used to do it, and they won.
They were ignorant and happy kids.
Because of that, we can plot
something against them though.
What are you going to do?
This photo.
It's proof
that Onizuka used the money.
It's also proof that he was set up.
Finished.
It's done.
You took more time
than we thought.
- What's that?
- I made it using software.
Wait a minute.
It shows up soon. See...
Wow!
Incredible. It's really taken.
Hey, Kikuchi,
I have a favor to ask...
No.
- This girl...
- What's up, Yoshikawa?
Yoko Sato of Higashi.
That one is Miki Miura
of the private school, Koyo.
She's hiding with make-up,
but with this mole near her eye...
...I'm sure that's her.
She can't deceive my eyes.
This uniform is
for the Sailor Seven, isn't it?
Well, if you know them,
it's easy to move forward.
We'll be busy tonight.
I'm counting on you, everyone.
All right!
No, no, no.
No suicide, no children's custody,
no missing person, nothing at all...
...that's all for the report.
Is that right?
Then I'll be back again later.
Please continue...
...to keep your eyes open.
Eikichi. It's been a while
since the last time...
...we saw each other.
Is that all now?
I have a good story, hey!
How could he
call himself my friend?
Oh, Uehara.
Don't walk around
in the middle of night.
I'm busy.
It's a waste
to look for him around here.
I'm saying Fujiyoshi isn't here.
Yes! Excuse me! This way!
Yes, thank you!
Hey, long hair! It's time to shift.
All right!
Fujiyoshi!
Teacher!
- You! Shit!
- What's the matter? Stop it!
You're alive!
Do you have your legs?
Where are you touching?!
Don't you get it?
You guys were set up by Miyabi.
Oh, I haven't eaten anything
since this morning.
Is that right?
I did a terrible thing to everyone.
Why are you telling us...?
I happened to hear it.
I can't ignore it, can I?
This isn't like Miyabi.
Since Onizuka came,
she became weird...
Listen to me!
You troublemaker!
Yeah, I'm listening.
In short,
everything is Aizawa's fault.
Let's pay her back.
Shall we, Fujiyoshi?
I won't go.
What?
Why, Fujiyoshi?
You, too...
I used it...
What?
I used the money for the trip
to buy this G-Shock...
What?
I was thinking of returning it
right away, but I couldn't.
That's why I couldn't talk back
when they called me a thief.
Aizawa told me
to work to earn money...
I felt like
I found something to do...
I thought I should return
the 50,000 yen I used.
I want to finish my work like a man.
You're great!
- You're great, Fujiyoshi!
- Stop, Onizuka!
- You have guts!
- Wait!
All right, I have decided, too,
to make 1,070,000 by myself!
That's impossible.
That's different than my situation...
I've decided!
I've already decided.
He must be an idiot!
Hey, you guys.
Do you understand the situation?
Get serious!
Salt seaweed is done!
Anyway...
... it's too dangerous to have him
here at the school any longer.
The proof that he used
the money for the school trip...
... is all here!
In order to wash away the distrust
spread among students...
...toward the teachers,
he should be fired!
- Agreed!
- That's right!
- Yes, that's right!
- We have no choice now.
Principal,
you need to make a decision now!
I understand.
I have no choice then.
Then, Principal...
No.
What was lost
is the students' money.
What should be done
to Onizuka-sensei and the lost money...
...the final decision
for these problems should be...
...made by the students themselves.
Principal...
Now we're going to have
an all-school assembly.
Come out, thief teacher!
Don't mess with us!
Bring Onizuka out!
What's going on?!
Return our money!
Quit it! Thief teacher!
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
Onizuka!
Hi, everyone. I'm Onizuka,
charged with embezzlement.
Greetings!
You are a criminal!
How could you come here
without shame?!
That's interesting.
Let him do it.
Just watch me.
I'll show you how I finish my work.
SEE YA NEXT TIME